Like a document of Mosquito NR ver.120210


Were transplanted into the avisynth filter is a "mosquito noise reduction filter" plug-ins for AviUtl.

That said, even being tested here to some extent, also wrote a plug-in avisynth,
This is the first time since I wrote on their own also a multi-threaded code, I do not know what will happen.
Again no warranty. Please use only the person who can understand thereabouts.

If you find a bug or would appreciate it if you could throw, but even to twitter, depending on what is the corresponding I
May not have enough skill. Well to the extent possible will support.


syntax: MosquitoNR (clip, int strength, int restore, int radius, int threads)

strength

Sets the strength of smoothing.
The stronger the effect of noise reduction The larger the number, the stronger the side effects at the same time
So, please set the parameters with care.

restore

Sets how much you want to restore the low-frequency components of smoothing before.
When set to 128, when synthesizing the low frequency component and high frequency component, low-frequency smoothing before
Use only the component. When set to 0, the low frequency component of the smoothing is not used before,
Will have the same effect as a stand-alone for use in the smoothing filter.

To adjust the strength of the filter by adjusting this parameter, in the method of adjustment is very good
No. In addition, if the parameter is 128 is also just a little faster processing.

Convenience has been processed in integer arithmetic, the maximum value of the set is turned 128. Therefore, the low-
Restoration of the filter parameters and frequency component protection is compatible with the value that is 1.28 times.

radius

Expand the scope of the blur

Will expand to 2 pixels from a pixel radius, the range of blur in the smoothing process.


Or operating environment:
• Since the avisynth 2.5
(Do not know how to program a 64-bit ...) 32-bit
· CPU can use the SSE2
· Supported formats: YUY2, YV12
-Interlaced material can not be successfully processed, please SeparateFields even bite ()
• The Crop to fall just before if () does not do as align = true
Height and must be an even number
· There may be other restrictions too maybe


The distribution and tentatively under the GPL v2.



twitter: @ B_Inary
e-mail: oinari17@gmail.com